Add creator page (#1241)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: guides/creators.rst

Using ESPHome for your Project
==============================

.. seo::
    :description: Information for creators when using ESPHome firmware.

> There are a few configurtion options we have added to ESPHome to make it easier for creators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have added configuration options to ESPHome to make it easier for creators
```

to create, configure, install and distribute devices running ESPHome.

Example configuration
---------------------

.. code-block:: yaml

    esphome:
      ...

>       name_add_mac_suffix: true

Reviewer 2: Add inline comments next to each option describing what it does. Keep the links at the bottom. 
```suggestion
      # Automatically add the mac address to the name
      # so you can use a single firmware for all devices
      name_add_mac_suffix: true
```
